---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-21T14:39:58.954Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-21T14:39:52.725Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-21-847ced41-1edf-46af-b20f-11829a616d48.md
published: true
url: 847ced41-1edf-46af-b20f-11829a616d48/index.html
_type: Article

---
##### **LASHES EXTENSIONS**; PROFESSIONALLY APPLIED[LASH EXTENSIONS][0]GIVING YOU THE APPEARANCE OF FULLER, THICKER LOOKING LASHES WITH ADDED VOLUME.

Our lash extensions have been developed to the highest standards, combining softness with durability and strength.

They are beautifully curled and tapered to imitate natural lashes leaving you with a flawless look and our technicians use our specially developed, latex free [lash adhesive][1] to give you the best result and most comfortable treatment experience

Individual lash extensions are applied, one at a time, onto your own eyelashes by our fully trained technicians - without overloading your natural lashes or causing damage. 

* Each Extend technician has the skill to tailor your treatment result.
* Treatment takes up to 90 minutes to create anything from a subtle enhancement to all-out glamour.
* Every treatment begins with a personalised, one-on-one consultation so you know what to expect from the treatment and have the opportunity to discuss the look you desire.
* Results last up to eight weeks - the perfect treatment for those wanting beautiful lashes 24/7\.

##### **KEEP YOUR EYELASHES LOOKING THEIR BEST**; LIKE ALL THE BEST BEAUTY REGIMES, THERE IS MAINTENANCE REQUIRED!

You will need to return to your salon for a professional top-up every two to three weeks to ensure your lashes look their best for longer. When the time comes, your technician will also need to remove them to ensure your lashes aren't damaged in the process - you could also purchase the [Lash Extension Remover][2] to use at home.

[0]: https://nouveaulashes.com/pro/shop/lashes/lash-extensions/
[1]: https://nouveaulashes.com/shop/lash-care/strip-lash-adhesive/
[2]: https://nouveaulashes.com/shop/eyelash-extension-remover/